56

On another written form.

D'Istrac, Secretary of the Court.

                On another form.

The Grand-Provost of the Household.

                On the [fuje] at the entrance to the Floor.

Angely, first Usher.

At the entrance to the Floor the two Ushers of the Chancellery, with their maces.

Messrs Mareschal, the Provost, The advocate:

Messrs Guillaume-François-Louis Joly de Fleury, Prosecutor of the King.

Messrs Omer-Louis-François Joly de Fleury, Advocate.

        on the [prinssilentes] places & where the Advocate had held the benches assembled.

        On a form returning from the bench of the Grand Council.

Vendôme, Clerk of the audience of this Grand Council, performing
the functions of Clerk in chief; having before him a desk
covered with violet velvet.

        On another form beside.

Diesme, first Usher of the Grand Council.

        On a bench following
                                                    of the King.

Messrs de Angran, Procurator general.

This day, the Court, all the Chambers assembled, in robes
of black [suite], in the great Hall of the Guards-of-the-body of the King,
prepared to hold his Bed of Justice, Messrs the Chancellor & the Keeper-
of-Seals add [arripes], Messrs the Duke of Pertin are at the King's Isle,
Chancellor was about to arrive, & deposited on his vermilion carpet: the Keeper-
Hall, in robes of black satin, also deposited Messrs Langlet & Brusselles,
Hall, in robes of black satin, also deposited Messrs Langlet, being Ushers
the deposits: then, in the middle of the second room, near the chamber
where the Chief of the Floor holds himself: the Court placed on the right the left
great is straight to left. Platon, the sister placed on the right & on the left
of Mr. the Chancellor. Monsieur the Chancellor was...

                    without other reserve than that            on a bench

The Lieutenant of
& the Secretaries: of the Gentlemen & of the Lieutenant
of the Secretaries: the Provostship of the Household should present themselves & the armoire: before mar-
the Provostship of the Household should present themselves & the armoire: before walking,
the Ushers of the Chancellery, with their maces. After
the arrival, the Masters of Requests & the King in the procession, environ,
the Councilors of State, the two Usher-mace-bearers of the Chancellery in robes
or black toiles: then two Councilors of State, Masters, & Councilors who crossed it
mounted: then, two Councilors of State, the Chancellor crossed it
taken from them-their in an armchair placed at the feet of the King, covered
with a red cloth. A little to the side of the King, the Grand-Provost, the
should hold the place of foot to the King. The Councilors of State & Masters
of Requests who should hold their place on the on the left
behind the lances, & placed themselves on a bench being in the
Floor below the bound Paris....

The Knights of the Order, Governors & Lieutenant generals
of the Provinces, had taken shortly before their places, to Cortez the
condition, although they have only the right to accompany the King &
to enter following, being summoned.

One observed the ceremonies having warned the company that the
King this ois, ready to depart; but the officer receive had immediately
Messrs de Villeroy, de la Porte & Berthier-de-Sauvigny, de la Porte & Berthier of Mr. of Council of Seals Messrs de Languet, & Messrs de Domiheu, of
[bercle], such of the [Peraux], of Council, & of Council: after the
Messrs de Cotte, de Pernay, of Council, & of Council: after
Messrs de Labigot, de Salliet, de La Saincté & de Villeneuve, Councilors;
who deputies have conducted him to their Bed of Justice, walking
[à tire-pilie], with two First, two Marshals & a Guard of the
King separately before the precious sir in two.
Mr. the Dauphin, a [l'Ecoss]-of-France, The King was preceded by the
Duke of Orleans, son of France, & of Mr. the Count of
Duke of Artois, son of France, & of Mr. the Count of
Provence, Duke of Artois, son of France, & of Mr. the Count of Provence, of
France, Duke of Artois, son of France, & of Mr. the Count of Provence,
France, Prince of the Blood; who commanding the company of Men-at-arms of France; who crosses
being commanding the company of Men-at-arms of France, who crosses
Grand-Chamber, crossing of the were followed by the Captains of Guards, of the Prince of Lamballe, one
France; & was followed by the Captains of Guards, of the Body, the other of the Gentlemen of his Grand-Falcons,
France; & was followed by the Captains of Guards, of the Body, entering
to the Floor, with their First, in the Grand-Falcons. Mr. Chancellor said,
with their First: in the Grand-Falcons. Mr. Chancellor said
[cellier], said... she each present in the Grand-Falcons; in the Grand
Floor, that one covers himself,