less absurd; to say nothing more
of persisting, despite the King, in maintaining that an
Officer of the King is incompetent, when the King
has solemnly judged the contrary; that
this is to declare oneself Judge & Party; that this
extrajudicial forms & Parties, by

That if a jurisprudence so absurd
were introduced, there would be no Of-
ficer, from the Marshal of France to
the Sub-Lieutenant of Infantry, who would not
be sheltered from persecution.

5°. That it is even more absurd &
more monstrous to claim that one can-
not evoke a case to one's Council,
while the Parliament can evoke to
itself all cases pending in the inferior
Tribunals.

6°. Finally, this is the cause of all
the Officers of the King who represent the or-
der of all the nobility, of all the pos-
France. It is therefore necessary to forget, if it is pos-
sible, all particular enmities,
& to consider only the general interest.

7°. This general interest is without doubt,
that justice be rendered to every Citizen.
Now, it is impossible that a Court of
Judicature can judge with knowledge
of the Case, in a jurisdiction of so many leagues,
leagues, composed of so many different
Jurispru-

(3)

dences. The Gentleman of
Auvergne, Angoumois, Picard
or Poitevin, [atrophié], ruined in the service of
his Master, must go complete his ruin in Paris
to solicit a trial, & request
an Audience in the antechamber of a
young Bourgeois who has just purchased his
Office of Usher, the écus. All of France
cries then King against this abuse which desolates it.

8°. The Parliament of Paris has been
King, in one of its Decrees, that Paris had
before its Court. We had often of
until now, that we had sustained by
our hands & watered with our blood, under
the eyes of the Great Henri IV who, with
we fought, & to whom the Parliament
of Paris refused money to retake
Amiens. I am going to have a pistol
shot in the head, said this great
man to them, & you will see what it is
to have lost your King.

9°. We do not believe that the Par-
liament of Paris affirmed [l'hone] in
the House of Bourbon, when it rendered
Decrees so bloody & so execrable
against its Heroes, & against its Parliament
of Tours & of Châlons.

10°. Did it sustain the Crown of the
Bourbons by its Decree of March 5, 1590,