Princes & of the Peers, & of the great Officers of the Crown,
& of his Council; all assembled under the eyes of His Majesty,
& which person could not have contested the power to establish it.
Since in which the Kings his predecessors have been
to admit all the members to fix in said Court, the King
moreover that they would name to hold the sessions; That without
Parliament has not without the most blatant injustice, without failing in
respect due to His Majesty, & without the most characterized incompetence, hold as parties faithful subjects who had obeyed
their Master & served the public by presenting themselves to fill the
Offices newly created: & that it was the height of
temerity to go so far as to issue prohibitions against recognizing them,
admitting or allowing to execute the acts emanating from them. His Majesty
cannot too much repress an enterprise so audacious, & of which
the example cannot be too promptly effaced. To which wishing to provide: Having heard the report; THE KING BEING in his COUNCIL;
has quashed & annulled; quashes & annuls the decree rendered by his Parliament
of Toulouse on the 18th of March; & the resolution made by said Parliament on
the 4th of May last; as incompetently rendered; & containing
unjust & rash dispositions, & contrary to the respect due
to His Majesty, capable of stirring up minds & injurious to
his authority, as also all that might have followed or could
follow the Edict prohibits & Said Parliament from rendering similar ones
in the future; under penalty of disobedience; & to all his subjects from
complying with them, under the same penalty: Orders that the present decree
shall be printed, published & posted in the city of Toulouse & in the
cities where are established the Superior Councils created by the Edict of
the eighth of February last, & everywhere where it shall be necessary: Enjoins
the sieurs Intendants, Commissioners dispatched by His Majesty in
said provinces, to see to it. DONE in the Council of State of the
King, His Majesty being there, held at Marly the twelfth day of June
one thousand seven hundred seventy-one. Signed PHELYPEAUX.
                                                    Ap. Dorries N° 61.


IN PARIS, FROM THE ROYAL PRINTING HOUSE. 1771.