two Offices of Particular Lieutenants, & the fifty
Offices of our Counselors, shall enter into said Jurisdiction, in such manner nevertheless
Defending Advocates created & established at the Châtelet of Paris, have prescribed in said Jurisdiction, no residence in any colony
City of Paris.                    Establishments created & established at the Châtelet of Paris.

                        I.
And by the same authority we create & institute, create &
institute as titled Offices created & established one Lieutenant
& thirty-two our Counselors, Assessors, & three our Counselors, shall enter
attributing to said Offices born & three our Counselors, Assessors
privileges & honors, prerogatives, wages & franchises attached
have enjoyed or should have enjoyed the Appointees of the preceding Offices
the preceding Article.                    preceding.

                        I I I.
Those who wish to be provided with said Offices, shall
obtain beforehand the approval of our very dear & faithful
Knight Chancellor of France, in the ordinary manner, &
shall pay in our Catholic Parties the finance at which said
Offices shall be moderately evaluated by a Statement in our
Council.

                        I V.
THE Particular Lieutenant shall fulfill the functions of Civil
Lieutenant, those of Lieutenant General of Police, in the
case only subject to appeal in our Court of Parliament, &
those of Criminal Lieutenant in case of illness, absence &
other legitimate impediment of said Officers, shall hold the
Auction Hearing, except on days assigned to Civil
Exercise, shall preside all year in the Council Chamber of
the Hearing of the Civil Lieutenant, without prejudice nevertheless to the
right which the Lieutenant General of Police has to preside in our
Chamber, in trials of which knowledge has been & is
attributed to him.

                        V.
THE Appointees of said Offices of Counselors shall be distributed
in equal number in the four services or colonies of the
Châtelet, in the ordinary form, & following the usage taken &

                        V I.
And considering the zeal & affection for our service, of which
so much proof has been given to us by the sieurs Pillar, Benoit,
Sery, Fonfroye, Bachoïs de Villores, Guenay, Benoist de Maisons,
Chichery, Barthelemy, elder & younger, Benoist de Malconseil, Benoist
Puissant des Panlieux, Chuppin, l'Emprecur, and by the sieurs Souchet
Le Roi de Mariencourt, our Counselors & in the Auditorium, Exercises?
the younger, & Delisle elder, our Advocates, we authorize them all & each
of them, at said time, to hold said Office, or sell their seniorities
of the sieurs & by means of Edicts in our Court of Paris, of point
& by means of the sentences of their reception, prerogatives
provinces, & of sentences of their reception, prerogatives;
have the Offices, at the same ranks, honors & enjoyed until
which & franchises, of which they have enjoyed or should have:

                        V I I.
ALL the Appointees of the Provostships of the finance of the Offices
of our Counselors or of our Advocates, at said Châtelet, other
nevertheless than those who were in the preceding ones, shall be
required to remit, within one month, counting from the registration
of these present Edicts in our Court of Parliament, into the
hands of the Controller General of our Finances, the receipts
of finance, Contracts of acquisition & other titles of property
of said Offices, in order that there be subsequently proceeded in our
Council to the liquidation of the price thereof.

                        V I I I.
THE monies which shall come from the finance of the Offices created
by Article II of our present Edict, shall be assigned to the
reimbursement of the amount of said liquidations, & in case of
insufficiency it shall be by Us provided, & in case which shall be
& be destined.