Grand Chamber, of five Counselors assigned to the Inquests, and presided
over by the second and fourth of the Presidents.

X.
The Vacation Chamber shall be formed of one President, of
seventeen Counselors of the Grand Chamber, of which two Clerics and
fifteen Laymen, and of five Counselors of the Inquests.

XI.
The First President and the Presidents of our said Court, the
Counselor-Presidents of the Inquests, the Counselors of the Grand
Chamber and the Counselors of the Inquests, shall receive full wages
which shall be attributed to them by the decree of our Council of
the 8th of April of the present month, upon which all necessary letters shall be
issued.

X I.
The Dean of the Counselors of the Grand Chamber, shall enjoy a
pension of Three thousand livres, independently of his wages;
the Sub-dean, of Fifteen hundred livres; the Dean of the Counselors
of the same, of Fifteen hundred livres; the Dean of the Inquests,
of One thousand livres.

X I I.
By means of said wages, our Officers shall not receive
from parties, any remuneration, under the title of Spices, New Year's Gifts,
or other denominations whatsoever: And consequently, the
wages shall not be seized under any pretext whatsoever.

X I I I.
Said wages shall be divided into as many portions as there shall be
Palace days each year, and those of our Officers
who for reasons other than those of illness or legitimate
impediment, shall have neglected to attend their duties, shall be
deprived of a proportional part of their wages, which shall accrue
to those who shall have been present.

X I V.
For the purpose of establishing the punctuality of our said Officers, there shall be
kept by the Clerk of each Chamber, a register where shall be
inscribed day by day the names of those who shall be present, and at the end of
each session, verified and signed by the
First President or the Senior President of the Chamber.

X V.
The distribution of said wages shall be at Easter vacation
and at the closing of the Palace, in an assembly of each Chamber
and in the form which shall be regulated by our said Court of Parlement.

X V I.
Said wages, as well as the pensions stated in article XI
above, shall be paid upon a statement approved by the First President,
for the Grand Chamber; and by the senior of the Counselor-presidents,
for the Chamber of Inquests, and shall be paid at each of
these times by the Receiver general of our finances of the generality
of Paris; who shall not, under any pretext whatsoever,
appropriate for any other use the funds destined for this purpose.

X V I I.
In the case of illness or other legitimate impediment,
our said Officers shall be required to notify the President, or
Dean of their Chamber.

X V I I I.
Our Officers shall hold twice a year, in the customary manner, an
assembly of the Chambers, where there shall be deliberated upon all that concerns
the discipline of our said Court, the policing of the
Public Hearing, and the general and particular Conduct of the Officers.
We May, and appropriate resolutions shall be taken
for the maintenance of rules and good order.

X I X.
We will that those who shall be received as Counselors,
be at least twenty years of age; that they shall have
practiced at the bar exactly for at least three years, or filled
for the same period of time an Office in another
Superior Council; in some other jurisdictions.

In the case of vacancy of an Office of Counselor, our said