Councillors have knelt down; the Chancellor answers them: the King orders that you rise. They rise and uncover their heads, the First President having said: The King orders that you withdraw, the Chancellor told him that it has been (o. published your Majesty) done in consequence of the Edict, & then he orders the execution & even executed.

SIRE,

"OUR sentiments are the same on this Edict as on the two others."

His speech finished, the Chancellor went up to the King to take the orders of His Majesty. The King came to the ground from the platform, thus uncovered, & sat in the armchair, as at the first Clerk of M. Dufresne principal Clerk of the Edict.

M. Dufresne principal Clerk of the Registry, having approached the Chancellor to take from his hand said Edict which he gave him being there, & the King, after which in place of the Chancellor told the King's Men to read & publish it.—Immediately the King's Men knelt down.

The Chancellor told them that the King ordered that they rise; they rose & uncovered their heads, Master Antoine Louis Seguier, King's Advocate, speaking, said.

SIRE,

"OUR prayers & our supplications have been useless; Your Majesty has ordered the registration of his first Edict, after this act of the absolute power of Your Majesty, we could not present, in vain, the same reflections; but it is to the Person alone of Your Majesty that we make the functions of our own sentiments. We render to him the blind obedience that he imposes on us; & after having assured him that it is against the testimony of our conscience, whose authentic declaration we deplore at the foot of the Throne: of the very express knowledge of Your Majesty, that his presence imposes on us, we require that it be placed at the bottom of the Edict, which has just been read [...]

EDICT OF THE KING,

Ordering the suppression of the Grand Council.

Given at Versailles in the month of April 1771.

Registered in Parliament.

LOUIS, BY THE GRACE OF GOD, KING OF FRANCE AND NAVARRE: To all present & to come, greetings. The wishes of the people & the attention to affairs with which our Court of Parliament of Paris was overburdened, determined our predecessors, Kings Charles VIII & Louis XII, to create a Tribunal of Members of his private Council, & subsequently a Tribunal of Councillors of the King with the right to judge all matters within the jurisdiction of our Court of Paris, on appeals from inferior & particular Judges, the functions of the Council were circumscribed, & as simple depositary of the laws & of the authority of the Legislator. The superior Councils of some of our Provinces have been vested with several rights of the Parliament of Paris, & the men whom we have prescribed to the right of Committimus, have decided us; & we would be inclined to recall near us the Members of our Council, who still compose even less confidence that they have always until now by their zeal, by their enlightenment & by their assiduity merited by their zeal, but what occupies us essentially in our Parliament of Paris: In this view, we have the object of the general wish that has been made to render to this Court, the object of the general oath that they have always given us & of the oath by which has ended to render to this Court, the particular offices that we had consequently suppressed the office of our Grand Council, & the offices that had been attached to it. FOR THESE CAUSES & others moving us thereto, with the advice of our Council & of our certain Knowledge, full power & royal authority, We have by our present Edict, perpetual &