To present to us three subjects
to fulfill the accustomed Office, & in the capacity that is aforesaid, for
we sell, our said Body & if any of said subjects should come until such time as we have approved one.

X X I.

OUR SAID Court shall have jurisdiction, as in the past, of all
questions of Régale, of all [Pain] & the
Parties, & of all matters that have interested the extent of
formerly throughout the entire extent of the Kingdom; shall likewise have jurisdiction
of the Domain of our Crown, & of appeals as
of principal abuses, both in its jurisdiction and in that of the
superior Councils, established by our edict of the month of January.

X X I I.

THE Chamber of Enquêtes shall continue to have jurisdiction of
trials, which are of a nature to be brought there; even of all
particular affairs attributed to one of the Chambers of Enquêtes.

X X I I I.

WE ATTRIBUTE to the Requêtes of our Hôtel, jurisdiction
of all causes that shall be brought there by virtue of letters of
Committimus of the great Seal; & to the Châtelet of Paris, juris-
diction of those that shall be brought there by virtue of letters of
Committimus of the small Seal.

X X I V.

WE WILL moreover that all our Edicts, Ordinances, Regula-
tions, Declarations, to which we have not derogated by
our present Edict, be observed according to their form & tenor.
Thus, WE GIVE IN MANDATE to all our faithful Counselors, the
People holding our Court of Parlement of Paris, that these
Presents they shall cause to be read, published & registered, & the content
therein kept, observed & executed, & caused to be kept & observed: This
same, SUCH THING reason that we put order thereto until after that
able forever, read, published & registered that all be thing
y. Willing in the month of April, the year of grace one thousand seven hundred sixty-
eleven, & of our reign the fifty-eighth. Signed, LOUIS:

By the King: Signed PHELLYPEAUX. Visa DE MAUPEOU:
And by the King: Signed, DE MONTHIERS. And at the Parlement of Paris, the ninth of this month of July one thousand seven hundred sixty & green: & in the other registers at the verso: of red & green silk: & in the others.

Then, M. the Chancellor went up toward the King to take his orders, & in the opinions to M. the Count of Artois; of the will, having placed one knee on the ground, & M. the Duke of Burgundy, Prince of the Blood; came to M. the Count of Provence; came to M. the Prince of Condé; & M. the Count of la Marche, Prince of the Blood; came to M. the Count of Chambelli, is retained to draw, M. the Count of France-Bayer or Chancellor, is retained near M. & Chancellor, while passing before the King, made him a profound reverence, & is he also in a body of France come from King of the Captains of the Guards of the bodies of France come after the King, of the Captains of the Hundred-Swiss.

Then descending into the parquet, to MM. the Counselors of State & Masters of Requests holding the Parlement, to MM. the Coun-
bles Governors & Requests come with him, to MM. of the Counselors, with Secretaries of State, went up again toward the King as above, retesldents & to Cover, pronounced:

"THE King, being in his Lit de Justice, has explained & ordered that the Edict which has just been read, shall be registered at the registry of His " Parlement; & that he the seven chapters of the same bed which are the " letters signified: & that the Edict be registered ordered, be or registered, his " been followed & the reit defenses both to executed according to its form & tenor."

For the most prompt execution of what has just been pronounced, " the Chief of the said Parlement, M. the Duke of Chaulnes Peer of France, " Governor of Burgundy, has taken & received the oath in the " ordinary form for the Régale the Sitting of Registries in " My hot & Majesty, ordered which said month...

12 of July of 1771.