feet. Derived at Versailles in the month of April, one perceives from the Council;
one hundred long-eleven, & of
thirty Thousand LOUIS. And lower down, for reign the since that he be
Views of Majesty to say Versailles, the you of LIGHTS;
said: Served in the name of the Grand Council, the you of vette.

Then, the Chancellor climbed toward the King, has his of voice consents to
will, having had the permission of the Count of Provence, Dauphin to
M. the Count of Count of Provence, & M. the Count of Marshal, the Prince
of Condé. M. the Prince of Soubise. M. de Choisi
to pass before the King, in reading to him present of alone. Councillors the Grand-Council pass
all with the Requests in the Court, Marshal-the-camps & Prince
come with the King, of Cellebatiques & M. the Princes
of M. the Captains of the Guards, reverence, has taken
the word, & the Chapters of the Corps of the King

Then descending into the floor, to M. the King on the Councillors of State,
the Masters of Requests holding the Parlement, to M. the People of the
Council of State, to the others of Requests holding the Parlement Grand-Council, & to the Secretaries of State to the Grand-Council, to the
Controller said of the Council. To the Chief Clerks of the said Parlement, officers, to the said
who have been placed on the Benches Conserved has pronounced:

"The King, sitting in his Lit de Justice, has ordered & orders and you the
that the farmer who will have been read to him shall be registered in the registry of his
Parlement, & that on the fold of same, it be put that the said in his
Court is of the registration there present that she orders, requiring his Procurator General, to be the content in the said, the
form & manner."

For the most prompt execution of what has just been ordered
the King wishes that by the Chief Clerk of his Parlement, it be
placed presently on the fold of the Edict which has just been published,
that which his Majesty has ordered which is put there:

And has published, the King sitting in Lit de Justice, in has this said of, the
Procurator General of the King, to say that which he follows his farmer his comes, the art
that Parlement, the King will be that the Lit of the office, chosen others of Versailles,
the thirteenth April one thousand seven hundred seventy-one. Signed D'ABBADIE.

The Duplicate of this Edict has been sent to the Grand-Council.


GENTLEMEN,

You fulfill the views of His Majesty with all the zeal
that She that she authorizes, to your cares, but She has
[gonie] the wisdom that she has had of doubt, fail of account will do
of you. In recompense will go This recognized for the only that has
the wisdom of a new work; & it is that the
new means of being only yourself
you sees until to make more glorious that the King might


Then the King said:

"You have just heard my wishes
I order you to conform to them & to begin your
works from Monday.

My Chancellor, you will install today
I forbid against deliberation contrary to my Edicts, & all others on
demand on the subject of
& will change them ever."

After which the King rose, & went out in the same order
that he had entered. Signed TABEAU.


SESSION OF M. THE CHANCELLOR
AT THE PARLEMENT.

For the installation of Officers created by the Edict of this day.
Of Saturday thirteenth April one thousand seven hundred seventy-one, afternoon.

After the Lit de Justice, the King, returned to his apartment,
received the oath of M. Berrier de Sauvigny, Councillor of State
attendant of Paris, in quality of First President of the Parlement of Paris.

F ij