who forbade; under penalty of death to
have the slightest correspondence with
Henri IV.

11°. We do not believe that the
Parliament of Paris wished to restore the
Throne by putting a price of fifty
thousand écus on the head of a Cardinal, first Minister, & by stealing two
hundred thousand écus worth of effects from the houses of Servants to raise the general
which army of which against the King.

(14)
[Puisier] without a power which establishes the King & maintains the law. This
power necessarily includes
that of having them published in a legal manner, for without publication, laws do not bind
persons.

Legislative power is entirely in a single hand, or it is
divided among several: such is the difference between Monarchies and Republics: this difference does not consist
in words. Under the name of
Kingdoms, England, Sweden
& Poland form true Republics, whose heads wear
a crown.

Royal power is today very limited in England; it will
soon be restricted further in
Sweden. In these two Kingdoms
all orders of the State participate
in legislation; & the people said represented by deputies who bind
the Prince for a limited time. 
Poland is a great Aristocracy, the King has only a shadow of authority, the nobility there holds nearly
all the people in slavery.

(53)
In a Kingdom where laws could not be regarded as
laws of the State, nor as laws legally [except] that they had been registered
free, made by a removable Senate, the
[clientiel] perpetual would be entire: royal power would be annihilated. If one
[ment] limited & dependent. If one
gave the Monarch the title of Legislator, it would be a title [peine sa loi ne], since he would not have legislation, he would need the consent & the spirit, [des, quoi],
Magistrates, who would always be the
masters of granting him, or refusing him their concurrence.

Such a government not leaving legislative power entirely in a single hand, this Kingdom would also be a true Republic. In Venice the Doge proposes the
law, it is the Grand Council that decides.

M. de Montesquieu observes that
in Monarchy, as in Despotism, the power of the Prince
is entire & absolute; it is a truth
of principle. Although the manner [d'ox]