The Chancellor having entered, mounted on the Platform

here disappeared. One could not probably accede to it of Throne, where he
refuted that intrigue had been able to concur in leading to the
franchises the Officers, His Majesty exhausted all the
resources of reason, & of authority.

But how to oblige those who owe
precisely nothing; it is that each of them was
devoted to it by an absolute oath & independent of the suffrage of others.
His Majesty believed that to offer them a concert, & that returned to themselves, would find themselves again in
their censure, the persons of the submission of Justice that they
had sworn.

But the great number persevered in its resistance, or they
depend on the plurality of Votes, the accomplishment of an obligation does not persevere; & the reasons are taken turns into authority
only to go seek others for obedience of misunderstanding
still made discover, & their farmers.

In this deliberation taking that the two years given
see themselves [fiancis] aforesaid. If the defect of eye finds necessary to
finally and his Edict a forced execution.

The Officers institute of permanence for the public order, to
But after having returned Ireland, to the independence of the Crown the Liberty of the injuries, to which the impulse of clemency & of
Crown the East the follows of a
goodness.

Convinced that for the French, there is no punishment more
cruel than that of having merited the disgrace of a worthy King of the law,
useful to his State, & made lovable to the promptitude of [bienfaiseroit] against the abuse of justice are as happy as his conforming to his Majesty or conform
this towards the entrance of justice of those a part of the Tribunes of this happy revolution which owes a true nobility.

Without their dispute several are senses more in the Magistrates than
the character of most distinguished the price of talents & of virtues. Theirs
the pledge of the confidence of magistrates are made to the laws to their
Too much of duty.

state & of their duty.
The Sanctuary of Justice will not be opened to the importance of

We have communicated to all your judges, what one finds
to know with Truth. We have made that each on our part
eminently

It is also & seized the deposer of the Officers declare
his favor. His Majesty wishes that the just & the honest
be his unique motive, & towards with brilliance when it is even-
lait that the Officers Masters
This supreme authority to Masters
respectful for it
the happiness and the philosophy of century, that to assure
a just & upright reparation. to the peoples.

After which the Chancellor for the order of your privileges &
the happiness, thus on the knees read, the Chancellor having said:
The on knees said: First President, the King can rise, & theirs was to
y My will that thus; the First President said to it:

SIRE,

IN a place, in a day where all announces the most usage the most
supreme of your Power; we can only arrive at other
duty than that of silence, respect, & of submission.

Without doubt that he, the Chancellor has transmitted towards the Laws
to take the orders, the kind on earth; however, returned to
the most dear, to his Heart, has been opened the doors, & has ordered
to the [Commis] child the functions of Chief Clerk to make
reading of said Edict.

The doors having been opened, & [M. l'Abbast], performing the
functions of Chief Clerk, has written approached the Grand
Seal to take from the hand said Edict, hold it to the place [M.]
the makes reading standing & uncovered after which reading [M.]
said to the bed to the People of the King, People of the King, who could speak. [M.]
[M.] the King have it registered.

The Chancellor told them that the King ordered that they
would treat it, him & are risen, & standing are uncovered. Has been Then
Louis Seize, Advocate to the King, carrying the word, said to

SIRE,

Our Majesty in this moment the spectacle of power,
she sees of Throne, prudence mixed in the force Princes &