Registers of the Parliament of Toulouse of May 4, 1771, shall be left
in the Hall in the Palace Court, at the foot of the grand staircase,
him, until Friday of the High Justice, as constituting an act
attempting against the authority of the King; against the Law of the Kingdom, tend-
ing to render suspect to the King the sentiments of the Magistrates whom he has
deputies of the fidelity of the Peoples, & to the repugnance due-the law to
signature of the Subjects of the King, & as to divert from the sub-
mission due to the Sovereign, & as its tributary to the Nobility to the-
Parliament of Toulouse: Prohibits all persons,
of whatever quality & condition they may be, from receiving,
printing, hawking or distributing said printed matter, or making
to be pursued extraordinarily, & punished according to the
rigor of the Ordinances: Orders that at the request of the Pro-
cureur General of the King, investigation shall be made against the Author,
Printers or Distributors of said Writing: before the
Counselor-Reporter, for the witnesses who are in this
City, & before the Criminal Lieutenants of the Bailiwicks &
Seneschalsies of the District & other Judges of royal cases, at
the pursuit & diligence of the Substitutes of the Procureur General
of the King in said Courts, for the witnesses who will be found in said
places. Enjoins all those who have Copies of them to
remit them to the Clerk's Office of the Court to be suppressed there. Orders
that the present Decree shall be printed, published & posted every-
where as needed; & collated Copies thereof, sent to the
Bailiwicks & Seneschalsies of the district, to be read, published
& registered there. Done in Parliament, all the Chambers assem-
bled, the fifth day of the month one thousand seven hundred seventy-one.

Signed, VANDIVE.

And on Friday June 10, 1771, at the rising of the Court of Instruc-
tioned in the Decree above, having for title: Extract from the Regis-

                                                      7.        May 1771, containing
                                           ters of the Parliament of Toulouse, of May 4
                                           the excesses of printing, without any other detail at the foot of the grand staircase of
                                           the details of the High Justice, in the presence of
                                           months in the presence of the King, of the King of the Kingdom, of the three first
                                           months, before Simon, Grand Chamber, adjusted
                                           6 pretexts. Signed, SOUCHU DE RENNEFORT,
                                           read more to Court.


IN PARIS, at P. G. SIMON's, Printer to the Parliament,
rue Mignon & du Butoir, Quarter S. André-des-Arcs, 1771.