THE COURT, all the Chambers assembled,
has ordered that the Printed document entitled: Decree of the Court of Parliament
of Rouen, rendered with Chambers assembled, the 15th of April 1771,
shall be torn and burned in the Courtyard of the Palace, at the foot of the grand staircase
thereof, by the Executor of High Justice, as
tending to publish the Majesties, & to make the People,
instead of rendering homage to the King the sentiments of Majesties,
of the felicity of the Peoples, & to turn them away from all
[tence] due to Sovereigns, & as gravely [attentat] to the
Parliament of Rouen: prohibits all persons, of what-
ever quality & condition they may be, from printing or causing to be
printed, peddling, or distributing said Writing, on pain of being
prosecuted extraordinarily, & punished according to the rigor of
Ordinances: Orders that at the request of the General Attorney
of the King, information shall be gathered against the Authors, Printers &
Distributors of said Writing, before Master Louis-Jacques Langel,
Counselor whom the Court appoints, for the witnesses who are in
this City, & before the Criminal Lieutenants of the Baili-
wicks & Seneschalsies of said Jurisdiction, & other Judges of said places,
at the prosecution & diligence of the Substitutes of the General Attorney
of the King in said Courts, for the witnesses who shall be found in said
places. Enjoins all those who have copies of said Writing, to
surrender them to the Registry of the Court, to be suppressed there:
said the remainder of the objects included in the Requisition of the General
Attorney of the King, has continued the deliberation to the first
day. Orders that the present Decree shall be printed, read, published
& posted in this City, & everywhere necessary, & collated
copies thereof, sent to the Bailiwicks & Seneschalsies
of the Jurisdiction, to be read, published & registered there. DONE in
Parliament, the Chambers assembled, the twenty-fourth of April
one thousand seven hundred seventy-one.

Signed VANDIVE.


                                          On Thursday the 25th of April 1771, at the Door of the Court, [seûte]
                                          & raised in Parliament, was executed the Decree of the Court,
                                          of Thursday in the Decree above, having for title: Decree of the
                                          Court of Parliament of Rouen, rendered with Chambers assembled,
                                          the 15th of April 1771; all at the Request of the Printing house of Richard Lallement, Printer
                                          of the King, near the Samaritaine, appointed & sworn
                                          by said Decree, & have been in the state of its greatest officer of
                                          Parliament, by the Executor of High Justice, in the presence of us
                                          Nicolas-Felix d'Aube, Usher of the Council & presence & principal
                                          of the Master & Wardens, assisted by two Ushers of the
                                          Community of Guards.

                                          Signed VANDIVE.


IN PARIS, at P. G. SIMON, Printer of the Parliament, rue
d'Anjou & du Bourg, Quarter S. André-des-Arcs, 1771.