& undecided in oursaid Parliament of Douay be instructed, & judged
according to the latest proceedings; in our Superior Council of Arras
for which We attribute to these Effect all Knowledge, Jurisdiction & cognizance.

                                    I V.

   OURSAID Superior Council of Arras shall be required to conform in
the Judgment of said Cases, Instances & Trials, to the Edicts, Decla-
rations & Letters Patent registered in oursaid Court of Parliament
of Douay, & We wish & intend to be executed; as well as to the
Edicts, Declarations, Letters Patent which shall be registered in future, &
registered in our Court of Parliament of Paris, & which shall be sent
by our Attorney General in oursaid Parliament, to our Attorney
in oursaid Superior Council of Arras.

                                    V.

   WE MAINTAIN & confirm, insofar as need is or would be, the
privileges, franchises & immunities granted by Us; or by the
Kings our predecessors, to the Peoples of the Provinces which compose
the Jurisdiction of our Court of Parliament of Douay, as well as the Laws
& particular Customs of said Countries, which we wish that nothing be
altered.

                                    V I.

   WE WISH that the Lords enjoy in said Provinces, such
as relating to the costs of criminal procedures, the effect of the provisions
of articles XIV & XV of our Edict of February, establishing the creation of
Superior Councils.

                                    V I I.

   WE WISH that as soon as after the publication & registration of
our present Edict, it be proceeded in the ordinary manner to the liqui-
dation of all the Offices of our Court & Chancellery of the Parliament
of Douay, to the effect of which the Proprietors of the purchase price of said Offi-
ces shall be required to remit their titles of properties, receipts of
purchase price, & other documents, & hands of the Controller General, of [sorte fa]
finance; to be provided for the reimbursement of the price of said Offices,
if not as it shall appertain to We wish that pending until said reimburse-
ment be effected, the Proprietors of said purchase prices be paid
the interest, at the rate of five percent of the principal sum to which
said purchase prices shall have been liquidated.

                                    V I I I.

   THE Ministers of the Clerks of oursaid Court of Parliament of Douay