{ 16. }
the Sovereign is not a person properly speaking;
nor even a particular body of the State; it is a moral
Being, a collective body, the union of wills, &
the general will of all. Moreover, it is a momentary
Sovereign; which exists only when one assembles it; & which acts only when it is assembled. It
is a Legislator, who is as mute, & deaf
when one questions it; it does not deliberate, it does not examine; it does not declare; in a word, it no longer reforms, it can no longer, it no longer deliberates except when
one has proposed to it to approve or reject; that is all its
power; & that is its authority, similar to the
oracles of antiquity. We must therefore at least have an infinite
respect, & a complete submission to our oracle.
For we are assured, that it wants, & will never want
anything but our good. I know that one will tell me, that if the
Sovereign existed in another manner, it would not exist
for long; that the general will needs, to be
enlightened & directed by its leaders, to be well
known; that without this there would be nothing more than particular
wills which would produce it ceaselessly; that nothing
could be established, & that at the moment when it would
be necessary to act, the State would be destroyed. I agree, & that
it is this necessity which has established the order which reigns in
our General Councils, & which has led the Sovereign to
limit itself, & to attribute to itself [repaires]; all the
other Bodies of the State, all the inferior Councils, all
the Tribunals must therefore follow its example;
confine themselves within the limits which must have been
fixed for them, & recognize the dependence in which they are on the
Laws, superior to all usages, which are always
present, as long as they are not abrogated, & which
form the true permanent & existing Sovereign in
the State; because they are the deposit of the wills of the
Sovereign, or of the general will; & that the Magistrates
charged with their execution, & who are the depositaries
of them, are engaged by oath to observe them faithfully, & to have them obeyed.

But it is enough my dear friend, to entertain you with
matters which you possess even better than I; I
am therefore in assuring you of the sincere attachment with
which I have the honor to be, &c.

          Geneva the 26th July 1764.