recent years. His Majesty not limiting his paternal care to the
charitable and pious establishments which exist and which are worthy
of his protection. He would have resolved to apply a part of the proceeds
of the new Lottery, to form a fund which will be employed for
objects of relief and assistance, in accordance with the intentions
that His Majesty reserves to make known. The necessary security
that His Majesty reserves to make known. The necessary security
of the funds which will be deposited in the new Lottery, & the most
exact execution of the commitments of the administration towards the Public, requiring
from the administration & considerable securities, the details
of the administration & management of this new Lottery, more com-
plicated & extensive than any of those which have existed until now,
moreover being unable to be other than very numerous, His Majesty has judged
it necessary to appoint a number of chosen persons worthy
of public confidence by their fortune & their good reputation,
to, with an Intendant who will be named by His Majesty, manage &
Administer the said Lotteries in the capacity of General Administrators,
under the orders of the Controller General of Finance. To which wishing
to provide: Having heard the report of our dear & loyal, Ordinary Counsellor
to the Royal Council, Controller General of Finance; HIS MAJESTY,
BEING IN HIS COUNCIL, has ordered & orders what follows:

FIRST ARTICLE.

THE Lottery established by decree of the Council of October 15, 1757,
under the name of Lottery of the Royal Military School, shall remain
held & suppressed, as of the sixth of August next, & shall be re-
placed at the same time for the term of thirty years, by
the Lottery which His Majesty has created & creates under the name of Royal
Lottery of France, in accordance with the plan which will be annexed to the present
decree.

I.

THE INDEMNITY due to the Military School by reason of the suppression
of its Lottery, shall be fixed by His Majesty, & deposited, according to what shall be
regulated, in the cashbox of the Cashier of the said Military School, until the 1st
of November 1787; time at which its privilege is to expire.

III.

THE Royal Lottery shall be managed & administered, under the orders of the
sieur Controller General of Finance, by an Intendant who will be
A ij