to make each year the review of the Chapters & Offices.
With regard to this Review, the Edict of 1638 obliges
each year the Two Hundred to make the election & that
Council, & that besides the Members who
be reunited, one should propose, that one reiterate there
& receive the sixteen who will have the most the
General Council having more than five, Council
& not yet having been touched than that one
the most ancient in the Edicts, to make the Intendants
six years. Why has this Edict no longer been there
formed? Why is the Edict of 1638 not observed?
When was it abrogated by the Sovereign of the most
sold or forbidden; to be of the third one
those of 1568? Why again this that
made no mention, after having declared the year
preamble, (page 1.) to have gathered Type, observed
that it was observed, with some declarations,
that it be lost to would have; both in the most
that awaits each Office.

All these various objects whose execution subsists
the fact has founded their established & fixed & limited
known & printed Edicts that the Mag. Council
be considered by him alone having the authority of
in the State. If his intention is to make dispose
alleged; all these rights & attributions should not
be employed on the satisfied the Code of sum
avoid all contestation in the future & all conflict
jurisdiction or of competence between the Councils
as it has so often happened; & in particular
the arbitration of the Auditor Saradin in 1567. It is surprising that the rights & attributions of the inferior Council
be fixed & limited by the Law; & that those
inferior Councils by whom they were established,
in limited, & have no fixed barrier. This is a
confound, to which the Code of Laws must remedy,
a wise & exact distribution of powers; this
would be an assured means, to preserve to each one
rights; & to oblige each Order of the State to
close itself within its limits. The Citizens & Bourgeois
having requested the Code for a long time there
see that the revision of our political Edicts summarily
made; they will lend themselves eagerly to the lightening to make this revision, without having all the Edicts before its eyes, to make the comparison in
Council must thereby feel the necessity of a Collection
& printing of all the Edicts without any exception

7, There are several
past astonishing that the Mag. Council 2, after having
made Edicts Regulations; does not deign established
for the suppression & Bourgeois of
that the Edicts Regulations; although article 42
in my Edict of 1738, cited by the Citizens
Box of containing expressly; that there will be made the
various, be against printed; which would contain appropriately of
all Articles all old the most would be
& Regulations. The Council him this object; notwithstanding
part, that Council the Horn of Regulations has never
well expressed. Council of the Edict of 1738; the Legislator
been printed by ordered the printing; when he cites is
had himself Council to fulfill the intentions,
none gone to the Mag. Archives of the Republic a book particularly, Archives the title of Regulations, it
printed, infinite number, both of the Decrees & Small
has there, that of those of the Two Hundred; from the body
Council, that beginning. It of [détaiſſons] decides.
The Regulations which interest the public; belong
to the public, & should be printed & as
depositary, those which regard the various professions
belong to the Body & to the Masters of these pretensions as that same should be printed, as one has done with regard to those for the Historian & those to conform to enter, & above all to those
ancient of them to conform to it the Mastership, & who pay from the forces
who reach the Mastership affirm the Statutes of the Body, & of
henceforth lest they commit not expose by forgetfulness or negligence to contraventions of which rules of their profession. From the year
1608 the Two Hundred had decreed by various Decrees,
of several of these Masterships; by virtue of its omnimode power; how many remain to him today,
that are still of his jurisdiction? The Regulations of
the General Hospital should be printed & known,
all the public, which gives its goods liberally; is
interested in it; & it matters to it to know the order; the economy, & the employment of the alms which it makes to this
House of charity; which would lead it to increase them;
provided that they were not sufficient, & to support this
great establishment if it were not ruined. The Regulations on the guards, on the customs; on the port of
Wood; & others which one often produces to individuals
who are ignorant of them, should also be published & printed