with exchange for the original ticket. The receipt & the original ticket
shall emanate from the same stub, & shall be represented by a Letter, containing
these Words, IN THE NAME OF THE ROYAL LOTTERY OF FRANCE. In exchange for the
receipt, or this stub, which the Shareholder must always produce; the ticket
receipt, it shall be furnished to the Bearer of the receipt of the stub, to serve as to the Shareholder
receipt; shall establish his title, & it shall be only upon the presentation of
this ticket that he may claim payment of the Prize or Premiums that have
fallen to him.

EACH of the Shareholders shall be distinguished by his number &
that quantity of numbers which he pleases to choose, from number 1 up to
& including number 90. With regard to the different chances to run, one may
have an interest in this Lottery in seven different ways;

T O   W I T:

1.° On a single Number, which is commonly called ........ Simple extract.
2.° On a single Number, whose order of drawing must be designated,
& which is called ........................... Determined extract.
3.° On two Numbers linked together, which are commonly called... Simple pair.
4.° On two Numbers linked together, whose order of drawing for each
of them must be designated, & which are called................ Determined pair.
5.° On three Numbers linked together, which are commonly called... Ternary.
6.° On four Numbers linked together, which are called........... Quaternary.
7.° On five Numbers linked together, which are called.......... Quinary.

V I I.

With regard to the total amount of tickets which may be taken on each
chance, there shall be issued:

T O   K N O W:

On each Simple extract, from One sou up to the sum of Ten thousand pounds.
On each Determined extract, from two up to the sum of One thousand pounds.
On each Simple pair, from Six deniers up to the sum of Four hundred pounds
On each Determined pair, from Six deniers up to the sum of One hundred pounds.
On each Ternary up to the sum of One hundred pounds; on each Quaternary up to the sum of Fifty pounds;
On each Quaternary, from Six deniers up to the sum of Twelve pounds.
And on each Quinary, from Six deniers up to the sum of Three pounds.

Nevertheless no ticket shall be issued below the value of two sols
for the total of the stake.

V I I I.

THE SHAREHOLDER shall be held, for each Prize that shall have fallen to him at the drawing
of Prizes,