V I I.

    THE last drawing of the Lottery of the royal military School suppressed, will be made in the ordinary form & manner, on the 5th of next August; & the first drawing of the Royal Lottery of France in Paris will take place on the 1st of the following month of September.

                                  V I I I.

    THERE will be established drawings of the Royal Lottery of France, in those principal cities & frontiers of the kingdom which will be judged suitable. The number of drawings in Paris, will be brought to twenty-four per year, which will be fixed on the 1st & 16th of each month; the drawings of said Royal Lottery in Paris, will be made publicly in one of the Rooms of the Hotel of the Company of the Indies; in the presence of the high Lieutenant general of Police, as well as the Intendant & general Administrators of said Lottery; & in the principal cities & frontiers, drawings will be made publicly in the Town Halls, in the presence, both of the Intendant & Commissioner assigned; as well as the Mayor & Aldermen, & the Director of the Lottery.

                                      I X.

    THE Administrators will deposit in the hands of the general Cashier of said Lottery & upon his receipt, by way of security; a sum of three million six hundred thousand livres, at the rate of one hundred thousand écus for each of them; & the interest will be paid to them at the rate of Five percent, counting from the 1st of the month in which the remittance will have been made.

                                       X.

    ALL the Receivers, both in the city of Paris and in the provinces, will also deposit a security in cash whose amount will be determined by the sieur Comptroller general, in proportion to that of their receipt, on which security the interest will be paid to them at the rate of Five percent.

                                      X I.

    THERE will remain at all times, in the hands of the general Cashier of the Administration, one million in cash to meet contingencies; & in the case where said sum would not suffice, the Administrators would be required to provide for it immediately & in such manner that there be no delay in the payment of prizes.

                                                                      A iij