has established nor sanctioned; which is a true
usurpation. It is in this manner, that must end,
in the long run, & by negligence or by imprudence,
bly become the Masters of the State, can finally,
restrict & limit an authority established but by
centuries, or by the negligence or existence or the
dance of the Sovereign; especially if this Sovereign is a
moral being, of which the Magistrates are the organ &
can only act with them & through them. there are
in our nascent Republic, the dangers have
made its government monarchical at first,
once firmly established & tranquil, it became aristocra-
tic in the past century; & that it is only with
ardent, indefatigable, & truly patriotic zeal, that
can succeed in this present century in reviving
pris of our Constitution, & which makes flourish the Spirit of
the Republic.

It is very strange, that the Mag. Council wishes
to employ the year 1707; & the Edict of May 20 of the same
year, which is taxed by the Edict of December 20, 1768 as
true Paradises & of confusion, in which there was no
submission to the Laws, no liberty; & where it declares
to be great, that it would be desirable
matter of memory. (page 178. of the Polemical Edicts).
There is a year well chosen, for the research
for the Collection & printing of the Edicts; in
of trouble & of confusion. What then was this
printing of the Edicts? That which was ordered by the
Two-Hundred, & distributed nearly a month before it
was approved & sanctioned in block by the Sovereign,
for the good of peace, by [feuillant] all the
(that is to say without deliberating) then to sign the embarrassment where
the diffusion of so many proofs & to facilitate the
calm & good understanding in the midst of me
as stated in THE NOTICE OF DOCTOR GRENAUD, page
76 of the Political Edicts,) That is how the Mag. Council
shows the sanction of a Sovereign, who was
himself, deprived of his liberty, without being able to exa-
mine or deliberate anything, forced to approve Laws of which
he could not examine thoroughly nor verify the accuracy and
truth & legality; & finally obliged to ratify everything
for the good of peace. On the printing of the Edicts, the Two-
Hundred orders 9 in 1767, that they be printed on the island

(page 70.) that is to say, as the Small
& could have, without ever having been pre-
sented to them & the Citizens could present them
could the Two-Hundred therefore
printed were
printed, if this Law had not been
do they often refer to the origin & manufacture of 1768, & to the [Imbes]
conforming to the same, if these printed matter were not execu
these printed matters? For if these are rather Edicts; & they had
more ordinary, if they had therefore been made in the same time
originals, it is not in the time or that they were sanc-
been printed before the time or at least modified. The Magi
tioned; that would have avoided all the contradictions. The Magi-
tioned; that would have avoided all & overturned in 1707, will contain all
Council which had which executed overturned us in 1707, contained all the Edicts fab
made known in 1768 & what pretext that
dequent to that of 1768 & what reason would still give the
fication, which was as we demonstrate, extended to all that has passed de-
cing until this we had been all this printing of 1768,
since since the time when this printing of 1768, or intervened the Sov-
have been presented to fesame this intervenes the Sov-
ereigns ordered
vards of a century; a Law, by which he had restricted
ereigns orders the authority of the Small Council; because he limited
what interest would he have that this Law be put in
had he not the same to destroy, during the printing of the Edicts,
oblivion, even on
which edition; sors to recall this Law of the [Eprere],
any mention? How therefore
design to make no mention
since then, recall this Law of the [Eprere]
was it not a usage which had no title to make it
valid, has it not been proven usage which by the fact one has established that to
verify the established usages can be ancient Edicts of
contrary norms. One can say the same thing of the
all the Edicts anterior to that of 1768, & how many
are there not?

In 1715 there was a Decree of the Small Council which
ordered to make a Collection of all the Edicts, &
to have it printed: if they were then has why
did one not point them out? Why does the Edict of 1768 not recall
them; & make no mention of them,
& why are we assured, that they were only printed
in 1707? Each time that Edicts had been
sanctioned, had care been taken to deliver official copies
to each Citizen, signed by a Secretary
of State: as one knows today in the Responses
of the Council to the bearer of a Representation; which they
receive always in the presence of a certain number of
witnesses, who can attest to the truth. This func-
tion, was given in 1707 by the Sovereign; not on the
Edicts, but on their sanction ordered by the Two-
Hundred; finally from the report of the Small Council: not on

A 3