9

PLAN of the LOTTERY composed on the principles of those
established in Genoa, Rome, Venice, Milan, Naples, Vienna, Brussels,
Berlin, &c. with the addition of chances for Extract, determinate,
determined Pair, Quaterne, Quine, & several
Free Prizes, granted in proportion to the value of the stakes.

FIRST ARTICLE.

THE drawing method previously observed in the drawings of the Royal Military
School Lottery will be followed in the drawing of this Lottery.

The drawing wheel, or one will enclose in the wheel of fortune, Ninety
Cases of equal size, form & weight. Each of these cases will contain a
number & finally, on which will be inscribed each number, from number 1
up to and including number 90.

All numbers, before being placed in their cases, will be exposed to the
eyes of all Participants. After this formality, the ninety
cases will be placed in the wheel of fortune, & only five numbers will be drawn. The drawing
of these five numbers will be called Drawing of Lots, & will determine the amount
of the lots of all those who will have taken interest in the Lottery.

II.

IMMEDIATELY after this drawing of Lots, four other drawings will be made successively,
which will be called Drawings of Free Prizes; & will be
designated by the names, first, second, third & fourth Class. To
proceed with celerity, the five numbers that will have come out of the wheel of fortune
will be exposed anew to the eyes of the Public; & each of them, according to
the order of its exit, will be thrown a second time into the wheel of fortune, to
be mixed there with the eighty-five remaining numbers. The same operation
will be repeated up to four consecutive times.

III.

ALL Lots of Free Prizes will be paid in Cash at the Office of
the Administration, three days after the drawing, & payment will continue
without interruption until their complete exhaustion, without other formality than
that of producing the original ticket.

IV.

ALL Bearers of winning tickets, will enjoy, from the date of the day of
the drawing, a term of six months to receive payment of the lots & prizes that
will have fallen to them, after which delay, said tickets will be & remain null.

V.

A provisional receipt will be delivered to the Shareholder, for