[ 2 ]
in the Republic any prior Law as
existing.

That this principle was followed without any con-
tradiction or objection in the new redac-
tion of our Edicts which was done in 1735, & that it
was consecrated by the Regulation of the Illustrious
Mediation of article XL. states that,
All the Edicts will continue to be observed &
executed in conformity with what has been practiced
until now. Sanction which indicates very clear-
ly that the Code prescribed by article XIII.
of the same Regulation, must not contain
Edicts fallen long ago into disuse,
but only those which had been observed
until then.

That the course that the COUNCIL has followed in
the Project of revision of our Political Edicts,
currently submitted to the examination of the MAGNIFI-
CENT COUNCIL OF THE TWO HUNDRED, conforms
to article XII. of the Edict of 1768 which, after
having repeated the Clause of article XL. of the Re-
gulation of 1738, stated above, adds:
but as soon as the general Code of Edicts & Regula-
tions shall be made, one will recognize no uses & cus-
toms but those which are not contrary to the
Edicts; which supposes not a simple impres-

[ 3 ]
sion of our Edicts & Regulations, but a revi-
sion which in rendering them such as they ought to be
executed, will make disappear the usages which are
contrary to them.

That the desire for this revision had been mani-
fested by the greatest number of Citizens &
Burghers, who, in a Memorial delivered to Mes-
sieurs the Syndics eight days before the Edict of
11th March had been brought to the MAGNIFICENT AND
SOVEREIGN GENERAL COUNCIL, exposed,
that many usages contrary to the Laws had been introduced,
that this was what must be remedied
by a General Code; adding "that the motive
" which had made them request the postponement of this
" work until the year following the first
" promotion of the TWO HUNDRED, was to wait
" until reciprocal confidence had been strengthened."
That as soon as the COUNCIL judged that the
moment to work on this revision had come,
it occupied itself with all the zeal & all the
diligence possible; & that it brought without delay
its work to the MAGNIFICENT COUNCIL OF THE
TWO HUNDRED. That if the detailed examination of the
articles of this Project occasions some slow-
ness, it is an inconvenience attached to the nature
of the work, & that the COUNCIL will make its efforts